improved the doco on the CommandRunner (#148)
dart-lang/args: README.md

If you're writing a command-based application, you can use the [CommandRunner][]
and [Command][] classes to help structure it. [CommandRunner][] has built-in
support for dispatching to [Command][]s based on command-line arguments, as well
as handling `--help` flags and invalid arguments.

When using the [CommandRunner][] it replaces the [ArgParser][].

In the following example we build a dart application called `dgit` that takes commands `commit` and `stash`.

> The [CommandRunner][] takes an 'executableName' which is ONLY used to generate the help message.

Reviewer: I don't know why we need the emphasis on "only" here - it seem superfluous to me.

```suggestion
The [CommandRunner][] takes an `executableName` which is used to generate the help message.
```

> > Note: for you final application to be called `dgit` rather than `dgit.dart` you would need to compile it using dart2native.

Reviewer: Drop this line. `dart2native` is not the common approach for this. `pub global activate` is much more common - but in either case it doesn't need to be documented here.

Author: removed.

e.g.
`dgit commit -a`

> File `dgit.dart`

Reviewer: Remove this line, I don't think we need to get into details like this - code sample is the focus here.

Author: I don't really agree with this one.
Adding the command line usage improves comprehension.

During my first read through the doco I missed the code exampling showing (run(['commit', '-a')).

Showing the entire usage path is always useful and certainly does not harm.

```dart

> void main(List<String> args)
> {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
void main(List<String> args) {
```

  var runner = CommandRunner("dgit", "A dart implementation of distributed version control.")
    ..addCommand(CommitCommand())
    ..addCommand(StashCommand())
    ..run(args); 
```

When the above `run(args)` line executes it parses the command line args looking for one of the commands (`commit` or `stash`).

> If the [CommandRunner][] finds a matching command then the [CommandRunner][] calls the overloaded `run()` method on the matching command (e.g. CommitCommand().run).

Reviewer: "overloaded" isn't the right word here. "overridden" would be better, but I think unnecessary.

```suggestion
If the [CommandRunner][] finds a matching command then the [CommandRunner][] calls the `run()` method on the matching command (for example `CommitCommand().run`).
```
